assertEquals( matcherStack.size( ) == count ,
assertState( matcherStack.size( ) == count ,
assertTrue( matcherStack.size( ) == count ,
assertNotNull( matcherStack.size( ) == count ,
assertNull( matcherStack.size( ) == count ,
assertFalse( matcherStack.size( ) == count ,
assertThat( matcherStack.size( ) == count ,
assertEquals( matcherStack.size( ) == count )
assertState( matcherStack.size( ) == count )
assertTrue( matcherStack.size( ) == count )
assertNotNull( matcherStack.size( ) == count )
assertNotEmpty( matcherStack.size( ) == count ,
assertState( matcherStack.size( ) , count ,
assertNull( matcherStack.size( ) == count )
assertState( matcherStack.size( ) ) == count ,
assertEquals( matcherStack.size( ) <= count ,
assertEquals( matcherStack.size( ) , count ,
assertEquals( matcherStack.size( ) ) == count ,
assertNotNull( matcherStack.size( ) , count ,
assertEquals( matcherStack.size( ) == count -1,
assertEquals( matcherStack.size( ) >= count ,
assertEquals( matcherStack.size( ) > count ,
assertState( matcherStack.size( ) <= count ,
assertState( matcherStack.size( ) == count -1,
assertEmpty( matcherStack.size( ) == count ,
assertTrue( matcherStack.size( ) <= count ,
assertTrue( matcherStack.size( ) == count -1,
assertState( matcherStack.size( ) >= count ,
assertNotNull( matcherStack.size( ) <= count ,
assertStack( matcherStack.size( ) == count ,
assertTrue( matcherStack.size( ) >= count ,
assertState( matcherStack.size( ) > count ,
assertEquals( matcherStack.size( ) == count -1)
assertFalse( matcherStack.size( ) == count )
assertToState( matcherStack.size( ) == count ,
assertTrue( matcherStack.size( ) > count ,
assertState( matcherStack.size( ) == count -1)
assertArrayState( matcherStack.size( ) == count ,
assertTrue( matcherStack.size( ) ) == count ,
assertNotNull( matcherStack.size( ) >= count ,
assertNull( matcherStack.size( ) <= count ,
assertEquals( matcherStack.size( ) < count ,
assertTrue( matcherStack.size( ) == count -1)
assertArgument( matcherStack.size( ) == count ,
assertValue( matcherStack.size( ) == count ,
assertNull( matcherStack.size( ) == count -1,
assertEquals( matcherStack.size( ).equals( count ,
assertNullState( matcherStack.size( ) == count ,
assertThat( matcherStack.size( ) == count )
assertEquals( matcherStack.size( ) == count +1,
assertState( matcherStack.size( ) +1== count ,
assertObject( matcherStack.size( ) == count ,
assertNull( matcherStack.size( ) >= count ,
assertData( matcherStack.size( ) == count ,
assertNotNull( matcherStack.size( ) > count ,
assertString( matcherStack.size( ) == count ,
assertEquals( matcherStack.size( ) +1== count ,
assertState( matcherStack.size( ) < count ,
assertState( matcherStack.size( ) == count +1,
assertTrue( matcherStack.size( ) , count ,
assertState( matcherStack.size( ).equals( count ,
assertNull( matcherStack.size( ) > count ,
assertNull( matcherStack.size( ) ) == count ,
assertEquals( matcherStack.size( ) == count ) ;
assertTrue( matcherStack.size( ) < count ,
assertNull( matcherStack.size( ) == count -1)
assertEquals( matcherStack.size( ) != count ,
assertTrue( matcherStack.size( ) == count +1,
assertCancelled( matcherStack.size( ) == count ,
assertError( matcherStack.size( ) == count ,
assertState( matcherStack.size( ) == count ) ;
assertPks( matcherStack.size( ) == count ,
assertTrue( matcherStack.size( ) == count ) ;
assertFalse( matcherStack.size( ) <= count ,
assertTrue( matcherStack.isEmpty( ) )
assertState( matcherStack.size( ) != count ,
assertText( matcherStack.size( ) == count ,
assertEquals( matcherStack.isEmpty( ) )
assertTrue( matcherStack.size( ) != count ,
assertList( matcherStack.size( ) == count ,
assertNull( matcherStack.size( ) < count ,
assertFalse( matcherStack.size( ) >= count ,
assertLine( matcherStack.size( ) == count ,
assertNull( matcherStack.size( ) , count ,
assertOperation( matcherStack.size( ) == count ,
assertThat( matcherStack.size( ) <= count ,
assertFalse( matcherStack.size( ) > count ,
assertWarnings( matcherStack.size( ) == count ,
assertNull( matcherStack.size( ) == count ) ;
assertEquals( matcherStack.size( ) == count ) ,
assertTrue( matcher.size( ) == count ,
assertEquals( matcher.size( ) == count ,
assertState( matcherStack.size( ) == count ) ,
assertTrue( matcherStack.size( ) == count ) ,
assertNull( matcherStack.size( ) == count ) ,
assertFalse( matcherStack.size( ) == count ) ;
assertState( matcherStack.size( ) ,
assertState( matcher.size( ) == count ,
assertEquals( matcherStack.size( ) == count ) {
assertThat( matcherStack.size( ) == count ) ;
