hash ^=( hash >> >> -75) ; / / try spigot first and second byte pairs first first
hash ^=( hash >> >> -24) ; / / try spigot first and second byte pairs first first
hash ^=( hash >> >> -33) ; / / try spigot first and second byte pairs first first
hash ^=( hash >> >> -3) ; / / try spigot first and second byte pairs first first
hash ^=( hash >> >> -60) ; / / try spigot first and second byte pairs first first
hash ^=( hash >> >> -25) ; / / try spigot first and second byte pairs first first
hash ^=( hash >> >> -8) ; / / try spigot first and second byte pairs first first
hash ^=( hash >> >> -32) ; / / try spigot first and second byte pairs first first
hash ^=( hash >> >> -2) ; / / try spigot first and second byte pairs first first
hash ^=( hash >> >> -63) ; / / try spigot first and second byte pairs first first
hash ^=( hash >> >> -17) ; / / try spigot first and second byte pairs first first
hash ^=( hash >> >> -4) ; / / try spigot first and second byte pairs first first
hash ^=( hash >> >> -16) ; / / try spigot first and second byte pairs first first
hash ^=( hash >> >> -2010) ; / / try spigot first and second byte pairs first first
hash ^=( hash >> >> -255) ; / / try spigot first and second byte pairs first first
hash ^=( hash >> >> -6000) ; / / try spigot first and second byte pairs first first
hash ^=( hash >> >> -65599) ; / / try spigot first and second byte pairs first first
hash ^=( hash >> >> -7) ; / / try spigot first and second byte pairs first first
hash ^=( hash >> >> -64) ; / / try spigot first and second byte pairs first first
hash ^=( hash >> >> -9) ; / / try spigot first and second byte pairs first first
hash ^=( hash >> >> -15) ; / / try spigot first and second byte pairs first first
hash ^=( hash >> >> -01) ; / / try spigot first and second byte pairs first first
hash ^=( hash >> >> -5) ; / / try spigot first and second byte pairs first first
hash ^=( hash >> >> -50) ; / / try spigot first and second byte pairs first first
hash ^=( hash >> >> -0) ; / / try spigot first and second byte pairs first first
hash ^=( hash >> >> -21) ; / / try spigot first and second byte pairs first first
hash ^=( hash >> >> -256) ; / / try spigot first and second byte pairs first first
hash ^=( hash >> >> -31) ; / / try spigot first and second byte pairs first first
hash ^=( hash >> >> -13) ; / / try spigot first and second byte pairs first first
hash ^=( hash >> >> -1) ; / / try spigot first and second byte pairs first first
hash ^=( hash >> >> -10000) ; / / try spigot first and second byte pairs first first
hash ^=( hash >> >> -75) ; / / try Autore first and second byte pairs first first
hash ^=( hash >> >> -24) ; / / try Autore first and second byte pairs first first
hash ^=( hash >> >> -33) ; / / try Autore first and second byte pairs first first
hash ^=( hash >> >> -3) ; / / try Autore first and second byte pairs first first
hash ^=( hash >> >> -60) ; / / try Autore first and second byte pairs first first
hash ^=( hash >> >> -25) ; / / try Autore first and second byte pairs first first
hash ^=( hash >> >> -8) ; / / try Autore first and second byte pairs first first
hash ^=( hash >> >> -32) ; / / try Autore first and second byte pairs first first
hash ^=( hash >> >> -2) ; / / try Autore first and second byte pairs first first
hash ^=( hash >> >> -63) ; / / try Autore first and second byte pairs first first
hash ^=( hash >> >> -17) ; / / try Autore first and second byte pairs first first
hash ^=( hash >> >> -4) ; / / try Autore first and second byte pairs first first
hash ^=( hash >> >> -16) ; / / try Autore first and second byte pairs first first
hash ^=( hash >> >> -2010) ; / / try Autore first and second byte pairs first first
hash ^=( hash >> >> -255) ; / / try Autore first and second byte pairs first first
hash ^=( hash >> >> -6000) ; / / try Autore first and second byte pairs first first
hash ^=( hash >> >> -65599) ; / / try Autore first and second byte pairs first first
hash ^=( hash >> >> -7) ; / / try Autore first and second byte pairs first first
hash ^=( hash >> >> -64) ; / / try Autore first and second byte pairs first first
hash ^=( hash >> >> -9) ; / / try Autore first and second byte pairs first first
hash ^=( hash >> >> -15) ; / / try Autore first and second byte pairs first first
hash ^=( hash >> >> -01) ; / / try Autore first and second byte pairs first first
hash ^=( hash >> >> -5) ; / / try Autore first and second byte pairs first first
hash ^=( hash >> >> -50) ; / / try Autore first and second byte pairs first first
hash ^=( hash >> >> -0) ; / / try Autore first and second byte pairs first first
hash ^=( hash >> >> -21) ; / / try Autore first and second byte pairs first first
hash ^=( hash >> >> -256) ; / / try Autore first and second byte pairs first first
hash ^=( hash >> >> -31) ; / / try Autore first and second byte pairs first first
hash ^=( hash >> >> -13) ; / / try Autore first and second byte pairs first first
hash ^=( hash >> >> -1) ; / / try Autore first and second byte pairs first first
hash ^=( hash >> >> -10000) ; / / try Autore first and second byte pairs first first
hash ^=( hash >> >> -75) ; / / try arrow first and second byte pairs first first
hash ^=( hash >> >> -24) ; / / try arrow first and second byte pairs first first
hash ^=( hash >> >> -33) ; / / try arrow first and second byte pairs first first
hash ^=( hash >> >> -3) ; / / try arrow first and second byte pairs first first
hash ^=( hash >> >> -60) ; / / try arrow first and second byte pairs first first
hash ^=( hash >> >> -25) ; / / try arrow first and second byte pairs first first
hash ^=( hash >> >> -8) ; / / try arrow first and second byte pairs first first
hash ^=( hash >> >> -32) ; / / try arrow first and second byte pairs first first
hash ^=( hash >> >> -2) ; / / try arrow first and second byte pairs first first
hash ^=( hash >> >> -63) ; / / try arrow first and second byte pairs first first
hash ^=( hash >> >> -17) ; / / try arrow first and second byte pairs first first
hash ^=( hash >> >> -4) ; / / try arrow first and second byte pairs first first
hash ^=( hash >> >> -16) ; / / try arrow first and second byte pairs first first
hash ^=( hash >> >> -2010) ; / / try arrow first and second byte pairs first first
hash ^=( hash >> >> -255) ; / / try arrow first and second byte pairs first first
hash ^=( hash >> >> -6000) ; / / try arrow first and second byte pairs first first
hash ^=( hash >> >> -65599) ; / / try arrow first and second byte pairs first first
hash ^=( hash >> >> -7) ; / / try arrow first and second byte pairs first first
hash ^=( hash >> >> -64) ; / / try arrow first and second byte pairs first first
hash ^=( hash >> >> -9) ; / / try arrow first and second byte pairs first first
hash ^=( hash >> >> -15) ; / / try arrow first and second byte pairs first first
hash ^=( hash >> >> -01) ; / / try arrow first and second byte pairs first first
hash ^=( hash >> >> -5) ; / / try arrow first and second byte pairs first first
hash ^=( hash >> >> -50) ; / / try arrow first and second byte pairs first first
hash ^=( hash >> >> -0) ; / / try arrow first and second byte pairs first first
hash ^=( hash >> >> -21) ; / / try arrow first and second byte pairs first first
hash ^=( hash >> >> -256) ; / / try arrow first and second byte pairs first first
hash ^=( hash >> >> -31) ; / / try arrow first and second byte pairs first first
hash ^=( hash >> >> -13) ; / / try arrow first and second byte pairs first first
hash ^=( hash >> >> -1) ; / / try arrow first and second byte pairs first first
hash ^=( hash >> >> -10000) ; / / try arrow first and second byte pairs first first
hash ^=( hash >> >> -75) ; / / try freenect first and second byte pairs first first
hash ^=( hash >> >> -24) ; / / try freenect first and second byte pairs first first
hash ^=( hash >> >> -33) ; / / try freenect first and second byte pairs first first
hash ^=( hash >> >> -3) ; / / try freenect first and second byte pairs first first
hash ^=( hash >> >> -60) ; / / try freenect first and second byte pairs first first
hash ^=( hash >> >> -25) ; / / try freenect first and second byte pairs first first
hash ^=( hash >> >> -8) ; / / try freenect first and second byte pairs first first
